Before you write up a blog post,
it's useful to put your code and
technical work in a place where it can be accessed by others.
That place for us, and for many developers is GitHub.
Each of the projects you add to GitHub should have
a ReadMe file that describes the installations needed,
the motivations for your project,
the files for your project,
and how a user should interact with them,
and any licensing authors and
other acknowledgments necessary should another user decide to use your code elsewhere.
Potential employers and other programmers and
the community will look to understand your project by looking at your ReadMe.
Clear communication in your ReadMe,
is therefore beneficial to you and to the community.
Let's take a look at some examples.